Add documentation page for ACME Profiles (#1834)
letsencrypt/website: content/en/docs/profiles.md

| Property | Value |
| -------- | ----- |
| [Pending Authorization Lifetime](#pending-authorization-lifetime) | 7 days |
| [Authorization Reuse Period](#authorization-reuse-period) | 30 days |
| [Order Lifetime](#order-lifetime) | 7 days |
| [Certificate Common Name](#certificate-common-name) | Yes<sup>*</sup> |
| [Key Encipherment KU](#key-encipherment-key-usage) | Yes<sup>†</sup> |
| [TLS Client Auth EKU](#tls-client-authentication-extended-key-usage) | Yes |
| [Subject Key ID](#subject-key-identifier-extension) | Yes |
| [Validity Period](#validity-period) | 90 days |

<sup>\*</sup>: If the CSR submitted at finalize time requests a specific Common Name, that request is honored. If the the CSR does not request a specific Common Name, the first Subject Alternative Name requested will be promoted into the Subject Common Name. If either the requested name or the to-be-promoted name is too long to fit in the Common Name field (64+ characters), the Common Name will be left empty.

<sup>†</sup>: Only included for certificates with RSA public keys.

</div>
<div class="boxed">

## tlsserver

> The tlsserver profile is a new profile which updates several of these validation and certificate properties in order to reflect the latest recommendations from the CA/Browser Forum Baseline Requirements, as well as general trends within the WebPKI community. We recommend selecting this profile for subscribers who want smaller certificates and who fully embrace automation.

Reviewer: Is it worth saying something like:
> general trends within the WebPKI community, **as of 2025**.

Being that there will be new recommendations that we might not necessarily roll into the tlsserver profile immediately. Or is it the intent that tlsserver will be continuously updated?

Author: We do intend to evolve the tlsserver profile as requirements and best practices change.

| Property | Value |
| -------- | ----- |
| [Pending Authorization Lifetime](#pending-authorization-lifetime) | 1 hour |
| [Authorization Reuse Period](#authorization-reuse-period) | 7 hours |
| [Order Lifetime](#order-lifetime) | 8 hours |
| [Certificate Common Name](#certificate-common-name) | No |
| [Key Encipherment KU](#key-encipherment-key-usage) | No |
| [TLS Client Auth EKU](#tls-client-authentication-extended-key-usage) | No |
| [Subject Key ID](#subject-key-identifier-extension) | No |
| [Validity Period](#validity-period) | 90 days |

</div>
<div class="boxed">

## shortlived

> The shortlived profile is identical to the tlsserver profile, with one key distinction: the resulting certificate is only valid for 6ish days. This allows these certificates to qualify as "Short-Lived Subscriber Certificates" under the Baseline Requirements, which means they do not need to contain any revocation information. This makes the certificates even smaller, and removes any possibility of a client accidentally trusting a certificate after it has been revoked.

Reviewer: The awkward thing about this is that the short-lived certs we're issuing will contain the OCSP URI. So we don't _have_ to contain revocation information, but we do.

Author: Yeah, I chose the phrasing "do not _need_ to contain" carefully. But I've rephrased slightly to be even more cagey about it.

| [Certificate Common Name](#certificate-common-name) | No |
| [Key Encipherment KU](#key-encipherment-key-usage) | No |
| [TLS Client Auth EKU](#tls-client-authentication-extended-key-usage) | No |
| [Subject Key ID](#subject-key-identifier-extension) | No |
| [Validity Period](#validity-period) | 160 hours |

</div>

# Selecting a Profile

The process for selecting a profile is described in [this Internet-Draft](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-aaron-acme-profiles/), which we plan to work with the IETF ACME Working Group to turn into a full RFC. Not all ACME Clients have implemented this draft, so the client you use may not yet be able to select a profile.

In general, if you want to select a profile, you should:

1. Read your ACME client's documentation to see if it support profile selection, and if it does, how to tell it which profile you want.
2. Fetch the Let's Encrypt [production](https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory) or [staging](https://acme-staging-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory) directory object to see which profiles are available.
3. Configure your desired profile within your ACME client.

# Glossary

## Validation Properties

> The following validation properties can be controlled by our profiles:

Reviewer 2: nit: Ending the line with a colon looks weird now that it's immediately followed by a second-level heading. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Below are descriptions of the validation properties that can be controlled by our profiles.
```

### Authorization Reuse Period

This is how long an already-validated Authorization can be reused by new Orders containing the same identifier. The clock starts when a challenge is successfully fulfilled, and is represented by the [`expires` timestamp](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8555#section-7.1.4) in the valid Authorization object. This value is restricted to [at most 398 days](https://github.com/cabforum/servercert/blob/main/docs/BR.md#421-performing-identification-and-authentication-functions) by the Baseline Requirements.

### Order Lifetime

This is how long an ACME client has to complete the whole process of ordering a new certificate: placing a new Order, fulfilling any pending Authorizations, and finalizing that Order. The clock starts when the new Order object is created, and is represented by the [`expires` timestamp](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8555#section-7.1.3) in the Order object.

## Certificate Properties

> The following certificate properties can be controlled by our profiles:

Reviewer 2: nit: Ending the line with a colon looks weird now that it's immediately followed by a second-level heading. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Below are descriptions of the certificate properties that can be controlled by our profiles.
```
